what are you
still upset about me trying to betray
you and kill you it was a month the
detective
is still processing my devil face the
last thing she needs is a demon
tracking her down dan does amina
losing charlotte screwed him up really
bad hey
sorry i'm late digger detective oh my
god
how was the vacation where did you go
oh i took trixie to europe and we
traveled around
and you know it gave me time to
process how does it make you feel afraid
terrified do you want to yell at me
punch me in the face
run away again i i think i just want to
get back to work lucy i'm here to make
sure you know the truth
that we angels do in fact have control
over ourselves like
i thought i'm so sorry
problem solved detective as if you can
accept me then
that really is all that matters
[Music]
but just remember what you're doing is
the best thing for everyone on earth
including lucifer we know about lucifer
morningstar understand
we'd have been aware of him for about
seven months
every day he remains on earth people are
in danger see i've decided that my life
life is here now no
i can't you cannot ask me to do that
the devil must go back to hell
and the only person who can send him
there is
if you ever have any more questions i
should be happy to answer any and all of
them
i've always been honest with you
detective how is it that sometimes you
don't get hurt and then other times you
do
what is the difference
you are i'm pregnant
i've made up my mind i'm i'm not gonna
help you
if i'm not the devil then why are you
here
because miss decker believes that you
are you need to be
careful mr morningstar
god knows what she has planned for you i
mean a celestial impregnating a human
how is that even possibly when you lost
your wings you became as mortal as it
gets
ceremony involves giving the subject a
sacramental liquid
that would sedate the devil oh
let me guess this inside the plum vine
detective what's this
nothing
i know you've been meeting with father
kingly
i know all about it you had rivas killed
two innocent
people to battle evil he willingly
sacrificed himself
to force lucifer to reveal his true form
you're under arrest father for a moment
i was helping him try to send you back
down could you accept me like this
i don't know
then i have my answer to stop the
prophecy
when the devil walks the earth and finds
his first love evil shall be released
[Music]
hey lewis found a way out of heaven i
didn't think that was possible
for humans i didn't choose adam
i was created for him back
for you to be
with you
boyfriend well i mean once someone
tends to when you're bleeding to death
it's only good manners to make it
official
hello brother it's good to see you remi
i've sensed a new celestial a baby
right here in los angeles but you
already knew that
i'm gonna find somebody else
tell me can you hear me
i'm protecting her and i'm protecting my
child
yours
i don't want to be a monster like this
evil shall be released
this was my first girlfriend and she's
your first life exactly so to stop evil
from being released
all i need to do is drumroll please
break up with ease earth
no place to raise my son
and you deserve to be with someone that
wants what you want
i want to be with you and i don't like
who i am with you
and i can't stop asking myself
why do i hate myself so much
if you really hate yourself you need to
figure out why
i'm gonna have father kinley transferred
to our holding cell
if anyone knows more about the prophecy
it's him
detective what is it
father kimmy escaped lucifer's first
love
first and only enough
lucifer doesn't love you
they won't go back in
is who i am now yeah
i think i have a name what about charlie
charlie after charlotte demons can enter
the bodies of the recent
dead so if one of his subjects could
rise up from hell maybe they could
convince him
you tell them to come and help me save
lucifer
you need to forgive yourself i can't
i want to
i think you just took the first step
what are you doing here
i was tracking kinley thought for sure
he'd be here but now the trail's gone
cold
lucifer
you see scree i told you he's recognized
it for you of course
to help you get back home i hereby name
you king of hell there you go
well we all know that the king he needs
to be an
angel fair point
charlie
he's gone that's right my little angel
who the new king of hell yes the vial is
gone
can these violence they're probably
planning on performing the same
ceremony the thing is i don't take
orders from you anymore
detective what are you doing i'm sorry i
know i don't want you to see me like
this
it's amazing how many demon souls you
can stuff
from a little church confession
you do not belong here
go home
no one will protect him like we will we
both know i don't do that
tonight we won but we just plugged one
hole in a very flimsy boat
i have to go back i need to keep them
contained
they must have a king
please don't go i
i love you my first love was never eve
was you chloe
[Music]
you